Add scene layer with elevation (#121)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-kotlin-samples: add-scene-layer-with-elevation/README.md

# Add scene layer with elevation

Add a scene layer to a scene.

![Image of scene layer](scene-layer.png)

## Use case

Each scene layer added to a scene can assist in performing helpful visual analysis. For example, if presenting the results of a shadow analysis of a major metropolitan downtown area in 3D, adding a scene layer of 3D buildings to the scene that could be toggled on/off would help to better contextualize the source of the shadows.

## How to use the sample

> Tap on the scene, to display a scene service with an `ArcGISSceneLayer`. Pan and zoom to explore the scene.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the sample to display a scene service with an `ArcGISSceneLayer`. Pan and zoom to explore the scene.
```

## How it works

> 1. Create an `ArcGISScene` and set its `Basemap` with `ArcGISScene.setBasemap()`.
> 2. Create a `SceneView` and set the scene to the view with `sceneView.setScene(scene)`.
> 3. Create an `ArcGISSceneLayer` using a data source URI: `new ArcGISSceneLayer(Uri)`.
> 4. Add the new scene layer to the scene as an operational layer with `ArcGISScene.getOperationalLayers().add(sceneLayer)`.

Reviewer: Kotlin code formatting:
```suggestion
1. Create an `ArcGISScene` and set its `Basemap` with `ArcGISScene.setBasemap()`.
2. Create a `SceneView` and set the scene to the view with `sceneView.setScene(scene)`.
3. Create an `ArcGISSceneLayer` using a data source URI: `ArcGISSceneLayer(Uri)`.
4. Add the new scene layer to the scene as an operational layer with `scene.operationalLayers.add(sceneLayer)`.
```
